Update sGho Docs (#30)
aave-dao/gho-origin: docs/sgho-precision-analysis/PRECISION.md

- The target rate (`targetRate`) is set in **basis points** (1e4 = 100%).
- The rate per second (`ratePerSecond`) is cached for gas efficiency.

> 
> The configured annual rate is applied as a repeatedly compounded per-interval growth process, so effective annual yield depends on update frequency. For example, at the maximum rate of 50%, with updates every 12 seconds for a full year, the realized annual rate would be 64.87%, as shown below:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configured annual rate is implemented as a per-interval compounded growth process. As a consequence, the effective annual yield depends on how frequently updates occur. If updates happen often, the configured annual rate can be reduced to offset the additional compounding. For example, with a maximum rate of 50% and updates every 12 seconds over a full year, the realized annual yield would be 64.87%. As shown below:
```

```
ratePerSecond = 15854895991882293252
step factor = 1.000000190258751902587519024
yearly factor = step^(2,628,000) = 1.648721192279...
effective APY = 64.872119...% (not 50%)
```

If updates are too frequent, the annual rate can be lowered to compensate for this.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
